In the days of my youth, I was told what it means to be a man,
Now I've reached that age, I've tried to do all those things the best I can.
No matter how I try, I find my way into the same old jam.

Good Times, Bad Times, you know I had my share;
When my woman left home for a brown eyed man,
Well, I still don't seem to care.

Seventeen, I fell in love with a girl as sweet as could be,
The only took a couple of days 'til she was rid of me.
She swore that she would be all mine and love me till the end,
But when I whispered in her ear, I lost another friend, oooh.

I know what it means to be alone, I sure do wish I was at home.
I don't care what the neighbors say, I'm gonna love you each and every day.
You can feel the beat within my heart.
Realize, sweet babe, we ain't ever gonna part.

Babe, baby, baby, I'm Gonna Leave You.
I said baby, you know I'm gonna leave you.
I'll leave you in the summertime,
Leave you when the summer comes a-rollin'
Leave you when the summer comes along.

Babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe,
Baby, baby, I wanna leave you.
I ain't jokin' woman, I got to ramble.
Oh, yeah, baby, baby, I believin',
We really got to ramble.
I can hear it callin' me the way it used to do,
I can hear it callin' me back home!

Babe, oh, babe... I'm gonna leave you
Oh, baby, you know, I've really got to leave you
Oh, I can hear it callin 'me
I said don't you hear it callin' me the way it used to do? Ooooh

I know, I know, I know I never, never, never, never, never gonna leave you, babe
But I got to go away from this place,
I've got to quit you, yeah
Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, ooh, don't you hear it callin' me?
Oh, woman, woman, I know, I know
It feels good to have you back again
And I know that one day, baby, it's gonna really grow, yes it is.
We gonna go walkin' through the park every day.
Come what may, every day, ooh

My my my my my, my babe.
I'm gonna leave you, go away...
... Oh I miss you, baby

It was really, really good.
You made me happy every single day.
But now... I've got to go away! Oh, oh, oh.

Baby, baby, baby
That's when it's callin' me
I said that's when it's callin' me back home...

You know you shook me. You shook me all night long.
You know you shook me, baby. You shook me all night long.
You shook me so hard, baby. Baby, baby, please come home.

I have a bird that whistles and I have birds that sing. [x2]
I have a babe, won't do nothing... oh, oh, buy a diamond ring.

You know you shook me, babe. You shook me all night long.
I know you really, really did, babe.
I said you shook me, baby. You shook me all night long.
You shook me so hard, baby.
Babe, you shook me all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all night long.

Been Dazed and Confused for so long it's not true.
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you.
Lots of people talkin', few of them know
Soul of a woman was created below.

You hurt and abuse tellin' all of your lies.
Run around sweet baby, Lord how you hypnotize.
Sweet little baby, I don't know where you've been.
Gonna love you baby, here I come again.

Every day I work so hard, bringin' home my hard earned pay
Try to love you baby, but you push me away.
Don't know where you're goin', only know just where you've been,
Sweet little baby, I want you again.

Been dazed and confused for so long, it's not true.
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you.
Take it easy baby, let them say what they will.
Will your tongue wag so much when I send you the bill?

Lyin', cheatin', hurtin, that's all you seem to do. 
Messin' around with every guy in town, 
Puttin' me down for thinkin' of someone new. 
Always the same, playin' your game, 
Drive me insane, trouble is gonna come to you, 
One of these days and it won't be long, 
You'll look for me but baby, I'll be gone. 
This is all I gotta say to you woman: 

Your Time Is Gonna Come

Made up my mind to break you this time, 
Won't be so fine, it's my turn to cry. 
Do what you want, I won't take the brunt. 
It's fadin' away, can't feel you anymore. 
Don't care what you say 'cause I'm goin' away to stay, 
Gonna make you pay for that great big hole in my heart. 
People talkin' all around, 
Watch out woman, no longer 
Is the joke gonna be on my heart. 
You been bad to me woman, 
But it's coming back home to you. 

Hey, girl, stop what you're doin'! 
Hey, girl, you'll drive me to ruin. 
I don't know what it is that I like about you, but I like it a lot. 
Won't let me hold you, Let me feel your lovin' charms. 

Communication Breakdown, It's always the same, 
I'm having a nervous breakdown, Drive me insane! 

Hey, girl, I got something I think you ought to know. 
Hey, babe, I wanna tell you that I love you so. 
I wanna hold you in my arms, yeah! 
I'm never gonna let you go,'Cause I like your charms. 

I Can't Quit You, Baby, so I'm gonna put you down for awhile.
I said, I can't quit you, baby, I guess I gotta put you down for awhile.
Said you messed up my happy home, made me mistreat my only child.

Said you know I love you, baby, my love for you I could never hide.
Oh, you know I love you, baby, my love for you I could never hide.
When I feel you near me little girl, I know you are my one desire.

When you hear me moaning and groaning, baby
You know it hurts me deep down inside.

Oh, when you hear me holler baby, you know you're my one desire. Yes, you are.

How Many More Times, treat me the way you wanna do? 
When I give you all my love, please, please be true.

I'll give you all I've got to give, rings, pearls, and all. 
I've got to get you together baby, I'm sure, sure you're gonna crawl.

I was a young man, I couldn't resist
Started thinkin' it over, just what I had missed.
Got me a girl and I kissed her and then and then...
Whoops, oh Lord, well I did it again.
Now I've got ten children of my own
I got another child on the way that makes eleven.
But I'm in constant heaven.
I know it's all right in my mind
'Cause I got a little schoolgirl and she's all mine
I can't get through to her 'cause it doesn't permit
But I'm gonna give her everything I've got to give.

Oh, Rosie, oh, girl. Oh, Rosie, oh, yeah.
Steal away now, steal away.
Steal away, baby, steal away.
Little Robert Anthony wants to come and play.
Why don't you come for me, baby, steal away, alright, alright.

Well they call me the hunter, that's my name.
Call me the hunter, that's how I got my fame.
Ain't no need to hide, Ain't no need to run.
'Cause I've got you in the sights of my... gun!

How Many More Times, barrelhouse all night long. 
Well I've got to get to you, baby, oh, please come home.
Why don't you listen to me, babe.
Why don't you please come home? 

You need coolin', baby, I'm not foolin',
I'm gonna send you back to schoolin',
Way down inside honey, you need it,
I'm gonna give you my love,
I'm gonna give you my love.

Wanna Whole Lotta Love 

You've been learnin', baby, I've been yearnin',
All them good times, baby, baby, I've been yearnin',
Way, way down inside honey, you need it,
I'm gonna give you my love... I'm gonna give you my love.

You've been coolin', baby, I've been droolin',
All the good times I've been misusin',
Way, way down inside, I'm gonna give you my love,
I'm gonna give you every inch of my love,
Gonna give you my love.

Way down inside... woman... You need... love.

Shake for me, girl. I wanna be your backdoor man.
Keep it coolin', baby.

And if I say to you tomorrow. Take my hand, child, come with me. 
It's to a castle I will take you, where what's to be, they say will be. 

Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away, leave today, way up high in the sky. 
But the wind won't blow, you really shouldn't go, it only goes to show 
That you will be mine, by takin' our time. 

And if you say to me tomorrow, oh what fun it all would be. 
Then what's to stop us, pretty baby. But What Is And What Should Never Be. 

So if you wake up with the sunrise, and all your dreams are still as new, 
And happiness is what you need so bad, girl, the answer lies with you. 

Oh the wind wont blow and we really shouldn't go and it only goes to show. 
Catch the wind, we're gonna see it spin, we're gonna...sail, leave today 
do do do, bop bop a do-oh, my my my my my my yeah. 
Everybody I know seems to know me well
but they're never gonna know that I move like hell.

I should have quit you, long time ago. 
I wouldn't be here, my children, down on this killin' floor. 

I should have listened, baby, to my second mind 
Everytime I go away and leave you, darling, you send me the blues way down the line. 

Said, people worry I can't keep you satisfied. 
Let me tell you baby, you ain't nothin but a two-bit, no-good jive. 

Went to sleep last night, worked as hard as I can, 
Bring home my money, you take my money, give it to another man. 
I should have quit you, baby, such a long time ago. 
I wouldn't be here with all my troubles, down on this killing floor. 

Squeeze me baby, till the juice runs down my leg. 
The way you squeeze my lemon, I'm gonna fall right out of bed. 

I'm gonna leave my children down on this killing floor.

If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. 
When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me. 

Kind woman, I give you my all, Kind woman, nothing more. 

Little drops of rain whisper of the pain, tears of loves lost in the days gone by. 
My love is strong, with you there is no wrong, 
together we shall go until we die. My, my, my. 
An inspiration is what you are to me, inspiration, look... see. 

And so today, my world it smiles, your hand in mine, we walk the miles, 
Thanks to you it will be done, for you to me are the only one. 
Happiness, no more be sad, happiness....I'm glad. 
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. 
When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me.

Hey fellas, have you heard the news? You know that Annie's back in town?
It won't take long just watch and see how the fellas lay their money down.
Her style is new but the face is the same as it was so long ago,
But from her eyes, a different smile like that of one who knows.

Well, it's been ten years and maybe more since I first set eyes on you.
The best years of my life gone by, here I am alone and blue.
Some people cry and some people die by the wicked ways of love;
But I'll just keep on rollin' along with the grace from the Lord above.

People talkin' all around 'bout the way you left me flat,
I don't care what the people say, I know where their jive is at.
One thing I do have on my mind, if you can clarify please do,
It's the way you call me another guy's name when I try to make love to you.
I try to make love but it ain't no use.
Give it to me
Give it

Work so hard I couldn't unwind, get some money saved;
Abuse my love a thousand times, however hard I tried.
Heartbreaker, your time has come, can't take your evil way;
Go away, Heartbreaker.
Heartbreaker!
Heartbreaker!
Heart!

With a purple umbrella and a fifty cent hat, 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 
Missus cool rides out in her aged Cadillac. 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 

Come on, babe on the round about, ride on the merry-go-round, 
We all know what your name is, so you better lay your money down. 

Alimony, alimony payin' your bills, 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 
When your conscience hits, you knock it back with pills. 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 

Tellin' tall tales of how it used to be. 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 
With the butler and the maid and the servants three. 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 

Nobody hears a single word you say. 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 
But you keep on talkin' till your dyin' day. 
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. 

Livin', Lovin', She's just a woman.

Leaves are falling all around, It's time I was on my way. 
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay. 
But now it's time for me to go. The autumn moon lights my way. 
For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it's headed my way. 
Sometimes I grow so tired, but I know I've got one thing I got to do... 

Ramble On, And now's the time, the time is now, to sing my song. 
I'm goin' 'round the world, I got to find my girl, on my way. 
I've been this way ten years to the day, Ramble On, 
Gotta find the queen of all my dreams. 

Got no time to for spreadin' roots, The time has come to be gone. 
And to' our health we drank a thousand times, it's time to Ramble On. 

Mine's a tale that can't be told, my freedom I hold dear. 
How years ago in days of old, when magic filled the air. 
T'was in the darkest depths of Mordor, I met a girl so fair. 
But Gollum, and the evil one crept up and slipped away with her, her, her....yeah. 

Gonna ramble on, sing my song. Gotta keep-a-searchin' for my baby... 
Gonna work my way, round the world. I can't stop this feelin' in my heart 
Gotta keep searchin' for my baby. I can't find my bluebird!

Baby, baby... I'm gonna bring it on home to you. 
I've got my ticket, I've got that load. Got up, gone higher, all aboard. 
Take my seat, right way back. ooh yeah. Watch this train roll down the track. 
I'm gonna bring it on home, Bring it on home to you. 
Watch out, watch out... 

Try to tell you baby, what you tryin' to do? 
Tryin' to love me baby, love some other man too. 
Bring it on home... 

Went a little walk downtown, messed and got back late. 
Found a note there waiting, it said, "Daddy, I just can't wait." 
Bring it on home... Bring it back home to me baby... 

Tell you, pretty baby, you love to mess me `round. 
I'm gonna give you lovin', baby, gonna move you out o' town. 
Bring it on home... 

Sweetest little baby, daddy ever saw. 
I'm gonna give you lovin' baby, I'm gonna give you more. 
Bring it on home... 

Bring it on home, Bring it on home to you...

We come from the land of the ice and snow,
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow.
The hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new lands,
To fight the horde, singing and crying: Valhalla, I am coming!

On we sweep with threshing oar, Our only goal will be the western shore.

Ah, ah,
We come from the land of the ice and snow,
From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow.
How soft your fields so green, can whisper tales of gore,
Of how we calmed the tides of war. We are your overlords.

On we sweep with threshing oar, Our only goal will be the western shore.

So now you'd better stop and rebuild all your ruins,
For peace and trust can win the day despite of all your losing.Bright light almost blinding, black night still there shining,
I can't stop, keep on climbing, looking for what I knew.

Had a friend, she once told me, "You got love, you ain't lonely, "
Now she's gone and left me only looking for what I knew.

Mmm, I'm telling you now, The greatest thing you ever can do now,
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now, It's very easy just...

Met a man on the roadside crying, without a friend, there's no denying,
You're incomplete, they'll be no finding looking for what you knew.

So anytime somebody needs you, don't let them down, although it grieves you,
Some day you'll need someone like they do, looking for what you knew.

Mmm, I'm telling you now, The greatest thing you ever can do now,
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now, It's very easy just...

I'm telling you now, the greatest thing you ever can do now,
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now,

It's very easy... 

Her face is cracked from smiling, all the fears that she's been hiding, 
And it seems pretty soon everybody's gonna know. 
And her voice is sore from shouting, cheering winners who are losing, 
And she worries if their days are few and soon they'll have to go. 

My, my, my, I'm so happy, I'm gonna join the band, 
We are gonna dance and sing in celebration, We are in the promised land. 

She hears them talk of new ways to protect the home she lives in, 
Then she wonders what it's all about when they break down the door. 

Her name is Brown or White or Black, you know her very well, 
You hear her cries of mercy as the winners toll the bell. 

There is a train that leaves the station heading for your destination, 
But the price you pay to nowhere has increased a dollar more. 
Yes, it has! 
And if you walk you're gonna get there though it takes a little longer, 
And when you see it in the distance you will wring your hands and moan.

Working from seven to eleven every night,
It really makes life a drag, I don't think that's right.
I've really been the best, the best of fools, I did what I could. (Yeah)
'Cause I love you, baby, How I love you, darling, How I love you, baby,
My beloved little girl, little girl.
But baby, Since I've Been Loving You (yeah). I'm about to lose my worried mind, oh, yeah.

Everybody trying to tell me that you didn't mean me no good.
I've been trying, Lord, let me tell you, Let me tell you I really did the best I could.
I've been working from seven to eleven every night, I said It kinda makes my life a drag
Lord, that ain't right...
Since I've Been Loving You, I'm about to lose my worried mind. (Watch out!)

Said I've been crying, yeah. Oh, my tears they fell like rain,
Don't you hear them, Don't you hear them falling?
Don't you hear, Don't you hear them falling?

Do you remember mama, when I knocked upon your door?
I said you had the nerve to tell me you didn't want me no more, yeah
I open my front door, hear my back door slam,
You know, I must have one of them new fangled, new fangled back door man.

I've been working from seven, seven, seven, to eleven every night, It kinda makes my life a drag...
Baby, Since I've Been Loving You, I'm about to lose, I'm about to lose, lose my worried mind.

Just one more, just one more, oooh, yeah,
Since I've been loving you, I'm gonna lose my worried mind.

As I walk down the highway all I do is sing this song, 
And a train that's passin' my way helps the rhythm move along. 
There is no doubt about the words are clear, 
The voice is strong, is oh so strong. 

I'm just a simple guy, I live from day to day. 
A ray of sunshine melts my frown and blows my blues away, 
There's nothing more that I can say but on a day like today 
I pass the time away and walk a quiet mile with you. 

All I need from you is all your love, 
All you got to give to me is all your love, 
All I need from you is all your love, 
All you got to give to me is all your love. 
Oooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah, oh yeah. 

I'm so glad I'm living and gonna tell the world I am, 
I got me a fine woman and she says that I'm her man, 
One thing that I know for sure gonna give her all the loving 
Like nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody can. 

Standing in the noonday sun trying to flag a ride, 
People go and people come, see my rider right by my side, 
It's a total disgrace, they set the pace, it must be a race 
And the best thing I can do is run. 

Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while,
I think I see my friends coming, Riding many a mile.
Friends, did you get some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my dear friends, To keep me from the Gallows Pole?
What did you bring me to keep me from the Gallows Pole?

I couldn't get no silver, I couldn't get no gold,
You know that we're too damn poor to keep you from the Gallows Pole.
Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while,
I think I see my brother coming, riding many a mile.
Brother, did you get me some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my brother, to keep me from the Gallows Pole?

Brother, I brought you some silver, yah
I brought a little gold, I brought a little of everything
To keep you from the Gallows Pole.
Yes, I brought you to keep you from the Gallows Pole.

Hangman, hangman, turn your head awhile,
I think I see my sister coming, riding many a mile, mile, mile, mile.
Sister, I implore you, take him by the hand,
Take him to some shady bower, save me from the wrath of this man,
Please take him, save me from the wrath of this mad man.

Hangman, hangman, upon your face a smile,
Tell me that I'm free to ride,
Ride for many a mile, mile, mile.

Oh, yes, you got a fine sister, She warmed my blood from cold,
She brought my blood to boiling hot, To keep you from the Gallows Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, yeah, yeah
Your brother brought me silver, Your sister warmed my soul,
But now I laugh and pull so hard And see you swinging on the Gallows Pole, yah
But now I laugh and pull so hard And see you swinging on the Gallows Pole, Pole, Pole

Swingin' on the Gallows Pole! 
Swingin' on the Gallows Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, yeah

Measuring a summer's day, I only finds it slips away to grey, 
The hours, they bring me pain. 

Tangerine, Tangerine, Living reflection from a dream; 
I was her love, she was my queen, And now a thousand years between. 

Thinking how it used to be, Does she still remember times like these? 
To think of us again? And I do. 

I don't know how I'm gonna tell you,
I can't play with you no more,
I don't know how I'm gonna do what mama told me,
My friend, the boy next door.
I can't believe what people saying,
You're gonna let your hair hang down,
I'm satisfied to sit here working all day long,
You're in the darker side of town.

And when I'm out I see you walking,
Why don't your eyes see me,
Could it be you've found another game to play,
What did mama say to me.

That's the way, oh,
That's the way it ought to be,
Yeah, yeah, mama say
That's the way it ought to stay.

And yesterday I saw you standing by the river,
And weren't those tears that filled your eyes,
And all the fish that lay in dirty water dying,
Had they got you hypnotized?

And yesterday I saw you kissing tiny flowers,
But all that lives is born to die.
And so I say to you that nothing really matters,
And all you do is stand and cry.

I don't know what to say about it,
When all you ears have turned away,
But now's the time to look and look again at what you see,
Is that the way it ought to stay?

That's the way...
That's the way it oughtta be
Oh don't you know now, mama said..
That's the way it's gonna stay, yeah.

Ah caught you smiling at me, That's the way it should be, 
Like a leaf is to a tree, so fine. 

Ah all the good times we had, I sang love songs so glad 
Always smiling, never sad, so fine. 

As we walk down the country lanes, I'll be singing a song, 
Hear me calling your name. 
Hear the wind within the trees, Telling Mother Nature 'bout you and me. 

Well if the sun shines so bright, Or on our way it's darkest night 
The road we choose is always right, so fine. 

Ah can your love be so strong When so many loves go wrong 
Will our love go on and on... 

My, my la de la come on now it ain't too far, 
Tell your friends all around the world, 
Ain't no companion like a blue eyed merle. 
Come on now well let me tell you, 
What you're missing, missing, 'round them brick walls. 

So of one thing I am sure, It's a friendship so pure, 
Angels singing all around my door, so fine. 
Yeah, ain't but one thing to do Spend my natural life with you, 
You're the finest dog I knew, so fine. 

When you're old and your eyes are dim, There ain't no old Shep gonna happen again, 
We'll still go walking down country lanes, I'll sing the same old songs, 
Hear me call your name.

When I done quit hollerin' baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.
Get my baby, won't be late, You know by that I mean, ah, seconds late.
Aha, must I holler, Must I shake 'em on down?
Well I've done quit hollerin', baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down. Shake!

Well, I ain't no monkey; I can't climb no tree.
No brown skin woman gonna make no monkey out of me.
Yeah, I ain't no monkey, Sure can't climb no tree.
Ah, I've been mistreated, babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.
Well, I've been mistreated babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.

Listen Mama, Put on your mornin' gown',
Put in your nightshirt Mama, we gonna shake 'em down.
Must I holler? Must I, must I, must I shake 'em on down?
Ooh, I done been mistreated, baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.
Gave my baby twenty dollar bill,
If that don't shake her, Sure my shot-, shot-, shotgun will,
Yeah, I gave my baby twenty dollar bill.
Well, if that don't get that woman, I'm sure my shotgun will.

I'm gonna shoot her now.

I got the key to the highway, and I'm billed out and bound to go,
I'm gonna keep on walkin' this highway, cause walkin' is most too slow.
I eat my breakfast, in California, I eat my dinner, in Carolina,
Wooh, I'm gonna keep on, keep on walkin' this highway, yeah,
'Till I reached the end of the line, walk on, yeah.

Show the movie, yeah, Lordy mama keeps on shining, shining,
And the good, good, good Lord, having a ball, 
Everybody knows my pain, a wantly bear,
He's to eat, and walk you Lord.

So trouble in mind, yeah,
Lordy mama I'm blue, yeah,
And I won't, I won't, I won't be blue, always
Oh yeah, the sun's gon' shine, sun gon' shine in my backdoor,
Some on rainy day, oh yeah.

Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move, gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove.
Oh, oh, child, way you shake that thing, gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting.
Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way, watch your honey drip, can't keep away.

Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah. Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah.
I gotta roll, can't stand still, got a flaming heart, can't get my fill
Eyes that shine burning red, dreams of you all through my head.

Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby, tell me that you'll do me now
Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby, do me like you do me now
Didn't take too long 'fore I found out, what people mean by down and out.
Spent my money, took my car, started telling her friends she's gonna be a star.
I don't know but I been told, a big-legged woman ain't got no soul.

All I ask for when I pray, steady rollin' woman gonna come my way.
Need a woman gonna hold my hand, won't tell me no lies, make me a happy man.

It's been a long time since I rock and rolled, 
It's been a long time since I did the Stroll. 
Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back, 
Let me get it back, baby, where I come from. 
It's been a long time, been a long time, 
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time. Yes it has. 

It's been a long time since the book of love, 
I can't count the tears of a life with no love. 
Carry me back, carry me back, 
Carry me back, baby, where I come from. 
It's been a long time, been a long time, 
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time. 

Seems so long since we walked in the moonlight, 
Making vows that just can't work right. 
Open your arms, opens your arms, 
Open your arms, baby, let my love come running in. 
It's been a long time, been a long time, 
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time.

Queen of Light took her bow, And then she turned to go,
The Prince of Peace embraced the gloom, And walked the night alone.

Oh, dance in the dark of night, Sing to the morning light.
The dark Lord rides in force tonight, And time will tell us all.

Oh, throw down your plow and hoe, Rest not to lock your homes.

Side by side we wait the might of the darkest of them all.

I hear the horses' thunder down in the valley bElow,
I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon, waiting for the eastern glow.

The apples of the valley hold, The seeds of happiness,
The ground is rich from tender care, Repay, do not forget, no, no.
Dance in the dark of night, sing to the morning light.

The apples turn to brown and black, The tyrant's face is red.

Oh war is the common cry, Pick up your swords and fly.
The sky is filled with good and bad that mortals never know.

Oh, well, the night is long the beads of time pass slow,
Tired eyes on the sunrise, waiting for the eastern glow.

The pain of war cannot exceed the woe of aftermath,
The drums will shake the castle wall, the ring wraiths ride in black, Ride on.

Sing as you raise your bow, shoot straighter than before.
No comfort has the fire at night that lights the face so cold.

Oh dance in the dark of night, Sing to the morning light.
The magic runes are writ in gold to bring the balance back. Bring it back.

At last the sun is shining, The clouds of blue roll by,
With flames from the dragon of darkness, the sunlight blinds his eyes.

There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to heaven.
When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed
With a word she can get what she came for.
Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven.

There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings.
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings,
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven.

Ooh, it makes me wonder,
Ooh, it makes me wonder.

There's a feeling I get when I look to the west,
And my spirit is crying for leaving.
In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees,
And the voices of those who stand looking.

Ooh, it makes me wonder,
Ooh, it really makes me wonder.

And it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune,
Then the piper will lead us to reason.
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long,
And the forests will echo with laughter.

If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now,
It's just a spring clean for the May queen.
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on.
And it makes me wonder.

Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know,
The piper's calling you to join him,
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow, and did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind?

And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul.
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold.
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last.
When all are one and one is all
To be a rock and not to roll.

And she's buying a stairway to heaven.

Walkin' in the park just the other day, Baby, 
What do you, what do you think I saw? 
Crowds of people sittin' on the grass with flowers in their hair said, 
"Hey, Boy, do you wanna score?" 
And you know how it is; 
I really don't know what time it was, woh, oh, 
So I asked them if I could stay awhile. 

I didn't notice but it had got very dark and I was really, 
Really out of my mind. 
Just then a policeman stepped up to me and asked us said, 
"Please, hey, would we care to all get in line, 
Get in line." 
Well you know, They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun, 
Oh, oh, he said that his friends would all drop by, ooh. 

Why don't you take a good look at yourself and describe what you see, 
And Baby, Baby, Baby, do you like it? 
There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rustin' 
Ah, not trying to fight it. 
You really don't care if they're coming, oh, oh, 
I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh. 

If you go down in the streets today, Baby, you better, 
You better open your eyes. 
Folk down there really don't care, really don't care, don't care, really don't 
Which, which way the pressure lies, 
So I've decided what I'm gonna do now. 
So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains 
Where the spirits go now, 
Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh. 
I really don't know.

Oh, Baby, it's cryin' time, Oh, Baby, I got to fly. 
Got to try to find a way, Got to try to get away, 
'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, Babe. 

Oh, Baby, the river's red, Oh, Baby, in my head. 
There's a funny feelin' goin' on, I don't think I can hold out long. 

And when the owls cry in the night, Oh, Baby, Baby, when the pines begin to cry, 
Baby, Baby, Baby, how do you feel? If the river runs dry, Baby, 
How do you feel? 

Craze, Baby, the rainbow's end, Baby, it's just a den 
For those who hide, Who hide their love to depths of life 
And ruin dreams that we all knew so, Babe. 

Spent my days with a woman unkind, Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine. 
Made up my mind to make a new start, Going To California with an aching in my heart. 
Someone told me there's a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair. 
Took my chances on a big jet plane, never let them tell you that they're all the same. 
The sea was red and the sky was grey, wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today. 
The mountains and the canyons started to tremble and shake 
as the children of the sun began to awake. 

Seems that the wrath of the Gods 
Got a punch on the nose and it started to flow; 
I think I might be sinking. 
Throw me a line if I reach it in time 
I'll meet you up there where the path 
Runs straight and high. 

To find a queen without a king, 
They say she plays guitar and cries and sings... la la la 
Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn 
Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born. 
Standing on a hill in my mountain of dreams, 
Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems.

If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break
If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break
When The Levee Breaks I'll have no place to stay

Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
Got what it takes to make a mountain man leave his home
Oh, well, oh, well, oh, well

Don't it make you feel bad
When you're tryin' to find your way home
You don't know which way to go?
If you're goin' down South
They go no work to do
If you don't know about Chicago

Cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good
Now, cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good
When the levee breaks, mama, you got to move

All last night sat on the levee and moaned
All last night sat on the levee and moaned
Thinkin' about my baby and my happy home
Going, going to Chicago... Going to Chicago... Sorry but I can't take you...
Going down... going down now... going down....








